# 9-README-generator
dynamically generate a professional README.md file from a user's input


# 09 Node.js: Professional README Generator

## Your Task


Your task is to create a command-line application that dynamically generates a professional README.md file from a user's input using the [Inquirer package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer). Review the [Professional README Guide](https://coding-boot-camp.github.io/full-stack/github/professional-readme-guide) as a reminder of everything that a high-quality, professional README should contain. 


You’ll need to submit a link to a video demonstrating the application _and_ add it to the README of your project.


## Acceptance Criteria

```md

* Uses the [Inquirer package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer).

WHEN I am prompted for information about my application repository
THEN a high-quality, professional README.md is generated with the title of my project and sections entitled Description, Table of Contents, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, Tests, and Questions
    *title of project
    *sections
        *description
        *table of contents
        *installation
        *usage
        *license
        *contributing
        *tests
        *questions


WHEN I enter my project title
THEN this is displayed as the title of the README
    *tile of project displays at title of README


WHEN I enter a description, installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, and test instructions
THEN this information is added to the sections of the README entitled Description, Installation, Usage, Contributing, and Tests
    *information needs to populate correct sections


WHEN I choose a license for my application from a list of options
THEN a badge for that license is added near the top of the README and a notice is added to the section of the README entitled License that explains which license the application is covered under
    *choose a license
        *badge displays near top of README
        *notice is added to section License
            *explains which license the application is covered under


WHEN I enter my GitHub username
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with a link to my GitHub profile
    *GitHub username input populates section Questions
    * adds link to GitHub profie


WHEN I enter my email address
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with instructions on how to reach me with additional questions
    *Email address populates section Questions
    * instructions to reach me with additional questions

WHEN I click on the links in the Table of Contents
THEN I am taken to the corresponding section of the README
    * table of contents with links
    *links relocate user to corresponding section of the README

*Screencastify user flow including prompts and responses.
    *demonstrate the functionality of the README generator
    *demonstrate how a user would invoke the application from the command line.
    *demonstrate how a user would enter responses to all of the prompts in the application.
    *demonstrate a generated README that matches the user input and has a functioning table of contents.
*Export as a gif.
*Get link to video.

*Submit README generated by the app.
    *Github repo link
    *Video link

## Getting Started

Use the following questions as a guide:

What was your motivation?
Why did you build this project? (Note: the answer is not "Because it was a homework assignment.")
What problem does it solve?
What did you learn?
What makes your project stand out?
Your README might also describe some of the challenges you faced, as well as the features you plan to implement in the future. And if your project is deployed, make sure to include a link to the deployed application so people can see it in action!